>> REMAIN SEATED WITH YOUR BELTS
FASTENED.
>> CONGRESS RETURNS TO CAPITOL
HILL THIS WEEK.
>> BACK IN SESSION AFTER A
TWO-WEEK RECESS.
>> ARRIVING WASHINGTON D.C.
>> THE DEMOCRATS ARE KICKING
IMPEACHMENT EFFORTS INTO HIGH
GEAR.
>> THERE'S BEEN A FURY OF
DEVELOPMENTS OVER THE PAST TWO
WEEKS.
>> WHY DID YOU RESIGN?
>> DEPOSITIONS AND DEADLINES.
>> IT STARTED WITH THE
WHISTLE-BLOWER COMPLAINT.
>> CHAIRMAN SCHIFF DO YOU HAVE A
SECOND FOR A QUICK QUESTION,
SIR?
>> THERE'S A PERFECT STORM
THAT'S HAPPENING.
>> LOOMING INVESTIGATION FOR SO
MANY PEOPLE.
>> A BUSY WEEK OF TESTIMONY
AHEAD.
>> THE CALL BETWEEN PRESIDENT
TRUMP AND UKRAINE'S LEADER IS
BECOMING QUICKSAND, SNARING ONE
ADMINISTRATION OFFICIAL AFTER
ANOTHER.
>> ATTORNEY GENERAL BARR WAS
MENTIONED BY NAME ON THE CALL
WITH THE PRESIDENT.
>> SECRETARY OF STATE POMPEO WAS
ON THAT CALL.
>> JUST KEEPS GETTING BIGGER AND
BIGGER.
>> SO MANY LOOSE ENDS.
>> THERE ARE TEXT MESSAGES THAT
SHOW DIPLOMATS COORDINATING
BETWEEN UKRAINE'S PRESIDENT AND
RUDY GIULIANI.
>> THIS IS A DOWNWARD SPIRAL.
>> REPEATEDLY INVOLVED --
>> MULVANEY WITHHELD MILITARY
AID.
>> THIS IS A MESS.
>> MORE EVIDENCE, MORE
TESTIMONY, MORE SUBPOENAS.
>> NANCY PELOSI HANDS THEM OUT
LIKE COOKIES.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW THESE PEOPLE
THAT FOR THE MOST PART PEOPLE
ARE THERE TO TESTIFY.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHO THEY ARE.
I NEVER EVEN HEARD OF SOME OF
THEM, MOST OF THEM.
>>> TESTIMONY TODAY KICKS OFF
WHAT IS A CONSEQUENTIAL WEEK.OP
IN THE HOUSE DEMOCRATIC
IMPEACHMENT ADVISORY.
TRUMP RUSSIA ADVISER FIONA HILL
JUST FINISHING UP TEN HOURS OF
TESTIMONY.
>> THE HEADLINE IS, BOLTON
OBJECTED TO UKRAINE PRESSURE
CAMPAIGN, CALLING GIULIANI A
HAND GRENADE.
>> THAT IS GOING TO BLOW US ALL
UP.
>> PLEASE KEEP A CLEAR PATH.
CLEAR PATH.
>> WE'RE LEARNING BOLTON TOLD
FIONA HILL I AM NOT PART OF
WHATEVER DRUG DEAL RUDY AND
MULVANEY ARE COOKING UP.
>> WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF --
>> ROGUE OPERATION INVOLVING THE
HIGHEST OFFICIALS OF THE LAND.
>> ALL RIGHT, BACK AWAY FROM THE
VEHICLE.
>> THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING
ABOUT.
WHOO HOO.
>> HI GUYS.
>> HI STRETCH.
>> HI.
>> WHAT FOOD ARE YOU CONSUMING?
>> I'M DRINKING ONE OF NEW
YORK'S FINEST EXPORTS, COFFEE.
>> NO FOOD?
>> NO FOOD.
I'M ON THE NEW YORK DIET, JUST
COFFEE WITH CREAM.
>> I'M CHILI BOWL HALF SMOKED
FULLY LOADED.
>> THAT'S GOOD.
I'M EATING THE DINNER OF THE
GODS.
TWO REALLY ROPEY PIECES OF
PIZZA, TWO MEATBALL SLIDERS AND
SOMETHING CALLED A UNICORN BAR.
>> YOU GUYS ARE GOING TO BE DEAD
BY THE END OF THIS CALL.
>> I KNOW.
I WILL BE.
>> SO JOHN, YOU'RE AT THE
DEBATE?
>> I'M HERE IN WESTERVILLE,
OHIO.
IT'S GOING TO BE THE LARGEST
DEMOCRATIC DEBATE IN HISTORY,
BUT IF YOU GET TO THE MAIN STORY
HERE, THE WHISTLE-BLOWER-UKRAINE
SCANDAL.
>> AS THE SORT OF PROCEEDINGS
HAVE GONE ON, THIS EXCHANGE
BETWEEN TRUMP AND ZELENSKY HAS
MORPHED INTO SOMETHING MUCH
DEEPER AND MUCH MORE SIGNIFICANT
FOR THIS WHITE HOUSE.
JOHN BOLTON RINGING THE ALARM
BELL.
>> THIS GUY'S A CAREER
REPUBLICAN, ANTI-DEEP STATE GUY.
>> AND NOW WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
MICK MULVANEY BEING INVOLVED
HERE.
HE IS THE CHIEF OF STAFF TO THE
PRESIDENT AND ARGUABLY THE
SECOND MOST POWERFUL PERSON IN
THAT ADMINISTRATION.
>> JUST THE WAY IN WHICH THIS
THING IS GOING --
>> YOU'RE NOW TALKING ABOUT THE
SECRETARY OF STATE, THE ATTORNEY
GENERAL, THE WHITE HOUSE CHIEF
OF STAFF, THE FORMER NATIONAL
SECURITY ADVISER AND RUDY
GIULIANI.
AN INCREDIBLE CAST.
IT IS TRULY ALL THE PRESIDENT'S
MEN.
THIS IS A BIG FUCKING DEAL.
>> AT THIS MOMENT DONALD TRUMP'S
FORTUNES ARE RIDING ON
REPUBLICANS IN THE SENATE.
IT
AT PRECISELY THAT MOMENT HE
DECIDES TO DO SOMETHING THAT
PISSES LITERALLY ALL.
RED WALL OFF.
>> THE U.S. IS WITHDRAWING
TROOPS FROM SYRIA.
THAT CLEARS THE WAY FOR THE
TURKISH MILITARY TO BEGIN AN
ASSAULT ON U.S. BACKED KURDISH
FIGHTERS.
>> WOW.
REPUBLICANS ARE AGHAST AND ABOMB
NATED ON THE POLICY SIDE OF
THAT.
IN A WAY IT IS KIND OF
CONVENIENT POLITICALLY BECAUSE
THEY CAN SAY, LOOK, I'M STANDING
UP TO THE PRESIDENT ON
SOMETHING, AND MEANWHILE IT
STIFFENS THEIR BACKBONE ON
IMPEACHMENT.
>> THE REST OF THIS WEEK HOLDS
MORE ADDITIONAL WITNESSES.
>> THURSDAY IS KIND OF THE BIG
RED LETTER DAY FOR THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION.
THAT'S WHEN GORDON SONLAND,
AMBASSADOR TO THE EU IS GOING TO
BE TESTIFYING.
>> IT STARTED WITH ONE THING,
SUDDENLY GOT THREE THINGS AND
EACH OF THOSE THINGS TURNS INTO
THREE MORE THINGS.
THE THING IN MY MIND ALL DAY.
>> ONE OF THE MOST BRILLIANT
POEMS IN THE HISTORY OF
LITERATURE.
WE ALWAYS HEAR PEOPLE QUOTE
THINGS FALL APART.
ANARCHY IS LOOSE AROUND THE
WORLD.
THE THING THAT STARTS THAT
PHRASE IN THE POEM IS WHEN YATES
WRITES, TURNING AND TURNING IN
THE WIDENING JIRE.
IT'S A SPIRAL AS IT GETS WIDER
AS IT GOES UPWARD.
I CAN'T THINK OF A BETTER
METAPHOR IN SOME WAYS.
WE'RE KIND OF LIKE PLUNGED NOW
INTO THE EVER WIDENING JIRE OF
THIS STORY.
>> I GOT NOTHING AFTER THAT.
>> LIVE FROM JUST NORTH OF
COLUMBUS, OHIO, THIS IS THE CNN
"NEW YORK TIMES" DEMOCRATIC
PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE.
SENATOR SANDERS, DO DEMOCRATS
HAVE ANY CHOICE BUT TO IMPEACH
PRESIDENT TRUMP?
>> WE DON'T.
IN MY JUDGMENT TRUMP IS THE MOST
CORRUPT PRESIDENT IN THE HISTORY
OF THIS COUNTRY.
>> NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW AND
THAT INCLUDES THE PRESIDENT OF
THE UNITED STATES.
>> RUDY GIULIANI, THE PRESIDENT
AND HIS THUGS HAVE ALREADY
PROVEN THAT THEY, IN FACT, ARE
FLAT LINED.
>> WE HAVE A CONSTITUTIONAL DUTY
TO PURSUE THIS IMPEACHMENT.
>> I DON'T THINK THIS
IMPEACHMENT PROCESS IS GOING TO
TAKE VERY LONG BECAUSE AS A
FORMER PROSECUTOR I KNOW A
CONFESSION WHEN I SEE IT.
>> IT'S A VALUE ADDED TAX.
>> ALEX IS IN THE HOUSE.
>> I JUST SIT IN GREEN ROOMS
WITH EXTENSIVE CAMERA CREWS.
>> ALL NATURAL.
WELCOME TO THE SHOW.
>> HI, MY FREIEND, HOW ARE YOU?
>> ARE YOU ENJOYING IT?
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK OF WARREN?
>> WHAT'S FUN IS WATCHING HOW
DIFFERENTLY PEOPLE TREAT WARREN
NOW THAT SHE'S THE FRONT-RUNNER.
>> YEAH.
THEY KEEP GOING AFTER HER.
>> THE FIRST FEW WEEKS THEY'RE
LIKE, WE LOVE WARREN.
LET'S TALK ABOUT BIDEN.
IT'S LIKE HIGH SCHOOL.
>> NOW THAT SHE'S IN THE RUNNING
FOR HOMECOMING QUEEN PEOPLE ARE
LIKE I HATE HER.
>> SHE WAS SO NICE AND THEN SHE
BECAME THE FRONT-RUNNER AND, YOU
KNOW, IT'S YOUR DEBATE.
IT'S ENTERTAINMENT.
IT'S AMERICA.
>> PLEASE WELCOME ALEX WAGNER.
>> APPRECIATE IT.
>> IF YOU LOOK AT IMPEACHMENT,
EXCUSE ME, I STARTED IT TWO
YEARS AGO BY GETTING 8 MILLION
PEOPLE TO SIGN --
>> DO THE RIGHT THING.
>> ONE MORE.
>> THIS WAS THE FIRST DEBATE IN
WHICH IMPEACHMENT WAS DISCUSSED
AND I THINK THERE'S NO ONE IN
THE AUDIENCE WHO WILL REMEMBER
ANYTHING THAT ANY OF THESE
DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATES SAID ON
THE TOPIC OTHER THAN THEY'RE ALL
FOR IT.
THE ONLY PERSON YOU CAN SORT OF
SEE KIND OF GET SOME LEVERAGE ON
THIS TOPIC WAS KAMALA HARRIS AND
SHE'S RIGHT BEHIND ME.
I WAS JUST TALKING ABOUT YOU.
>> WHAT WERE YOU SAYING?
>> I WAS SAYING SOMETHING NICE,
SOMETHING GOOD.
>> I MEAN, YOU CAN JUST --
WHATEVER YOU'RE THINKING.
>> NO, I WAS SAYING THAT IT'S A
CHALLENGE IN THE SITUATION WHERE
IMPEACHMENT IS THE BIGGEST STORY
IN AMERICA AND IT'S LIKE HOW DO
YOU DISTINGUISH YOURSELF ON THE
MOST IMPORTANT TOPIC IN AMERICAN
POLITICS?
>> PART OF THE WAY THAT I
DISTINGUISH MYSELF IS MY
BACKGROUND AS A CAREER
PROSECUTOR.
I LOOK AT THIS THROUGH THE LENS
OF MY CAREER BEING IN COURTROOMS
AND THIS IS FUNDAMENTALLY AN
ISSUE ABOUT JUSTICE.
>> IN THE LAST 24 HOURS WE HAVE
SEEN THE FORMER NATIONAL
SECURITY ADVISER, JOHN BOLTON,
SUGGESTING THAT HE THOUGHT THE
PRESIDENT AND RUDY GIULIANI AND
MICK MULVANEY AND OTHERS WERE
COMMITTING A CRIME.
>> EVEN JOHN BOLTON HAS
STANDARDS, AND GOOD FOR HIM
BECAUSE CERTAINLY THERE'S A LOT
I DON'T AGREE WITH ABOUT WHAT HE
HAS DONE AND THE POSITIONS HE
HAS TAKEN, BUT GOOD FOR HIM TO
SAY AT SOME POINT YOU GOT TO PUT
COUNTRY ABOVE PARTY.
GOOD FOR HIM.
>> DAY 12,000 OF THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION.
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP FACES
CONDEMNATION FROM BOTH DEMOCRATS
AND REPUBLICANS.
>> FOLLOWING HIS UNILATERAL
DECISION TO WITHDRAW TROOPS FROM
NORTHERN SYRIA.
>> AND ABANDONING OUR ALLIES.
>> ANOTHER BIG DAY ON THE HILL
WITH MORE DEPOSITIONS, POTENTIAL
BOMBSHELLS DROPPING THERE.
ALSO A BIG DAY HERE AT THE WHITE
HOUSE.
THE PRESIDENT MEETING WITH THE
ITALIAN PRESIDENT.
>> SO I VIEW THE SITUATION ON
THE TURKISH BORDER WITH SYRIA TO
BE FOR THE UNITED STATES
STRATEGICALLY BRILLIANT.
OUR SOLDIERS ARE OUT OF THERE.
OUR SOLDIERS ARE TOTALLY SAFE.
THEY'VE GOT TO WORK IT OUT.
MAYBE THEY CAN DO IT WITHOUT
FIGHTING.
SYRIA IS FIGHTING WITH THE
KURDS.
THE KURDS ARE VERY WELL
PROTECTED.
PLUS THEY KNOW HOW TO FIGHT.
BY THE WAY, THEY'RE NO ANGELS
BUT THEY WERE WITH US.
THEY ARE NO ANGELS.
>> MEMBERS OF CONGRESS
RESPONDING TO PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
DECISION AND NOW PRESIDENT
TRUMP'S WORDS.
>> SOME OF THE DAMAGE THAT'S
BEEN DONE IS NOT REVERSIBLE.
>> REPUBLICAN SENATOR LINDSEY
GRAHAM HAD A LOT TO SAY ON
TWITTER THIS AFTERNOON.
>> THIS WILL BE A DISASTER WORSE
THAN PRESIDENT OBAMA'S DECISION
TO LEAVE IRAQ.
>> HE'S MAKING THE BIGGEST
MISTAKE OF HIS PRESIDENCY.
>> LINDSEY GRAHAM JUST SAID OF
YOUR REMARKS THAT YOU MADE IN
THE OVAL OFFICE THAT IF YOU KEEP
TALKING LIKE THAT, QUOTE, THIS
WILL BE A DISASTER WORSE THAN
OBAMA'S DECISION TO LEAVE IRAQ.
>> NO, LINDSEY GRAHAM WOULD LIKE
TO STAY IN THE MIDDLE EAST FOR
THE NEXT 1,000 YEARS WITH
THOUSANDS OF SOLDIERS AND
FIGHTING OTHER PEOPLE'S WARS.
I WANT TO GET OUT OF THE MIDDLE
EAST.
AND WE'RE THE BOSS, JUST
REMEMBER THAT.
WE HAVE THE MOST POWERFUL
MILITARY IN THE WORLD BY FAR.
PLEASE.
>> WHEN I READ BOTH THE OLD AND
THE NEW TESTAMENT, GOD
REPEATEDLY USES DEEPLY FLAWED,
IRRATIONAL, SOMETIMES
DYSFUNCTIONAL PERSONALITIES TO
ACHIEVE HIS ENDS FOR HIS OWN
REASONS.
I DON'T CLAIM TO UNDERSTAND WHY.
>> YOU KNOW THAT TRUMP THINKS
THAT THE NEW TESTAMENT IS AN
EDITED VERSION OF THE OLD
TESTAMENT.
>> DOES IT BOTHER YOU THAT THIS
PRESIDENT LIES CONSISTENTLY,
THAT HE'S MORALLY COMPROMISED,
THAT HE'S UNETHICAL?
IS THAT PROBLEMATIC FOR PEOPLE
IN THE CHRISTIAN COMMUNITY?
>> WELL FIRST OF ALL, I DON'T
AGREE WITH THAT CHARACTERIZATION
CHARACTERIZATION.
HE HASN'T LIED TO US.
WHEN HE TOLD US DURING THE
CAMPAIGN HERE'S A LIST OF
QUALIFIED CONSERVATIVE PEOPLE
AND IF YOU ELECT ME PRESIDENT I
PROMISE TO PICK ONE OF THESE AND
HE NOT ONLY KEPT THAT PROMISE,
HE'S KEPT IT A SECOND TIME WITH
BRETT KAVANAUGH, WITH 160 OTHER
FEDERAL JUDGES.
I'M GIVING YOU AN HONEST ANSWER.
HE KEPT HIS WORD TO ME.
>> YOU'VE DESCRIBED THE LATEST
IMPEACHMENT PROCESS AS LESS HERE
THAN THE RUSSIAN HOAX.
WHY?
>> I DON'T THINK THERE WAS EVER
ANYTHING TO THE RUSSIAN HOAX SO
THIS IS LESS THAN ZERO.
>> WHY NOT RUN THIS ALL THROUGH
THE STATE DEPARTMENT?
WHY HIRE A PRIVATE ATTORNEY.
WHY HAVE MICK MULVANEY AND THE
PRESIDENT'S STAFF ALL SUDDENLY
GETTING TIED UP INTO A ROGUE
OPERATION.
>> I DON'T KNOW EVERYTHING THAT
WAS GOING ON.
BILL BARR AND THE JUSTICE
DEPARTMENT AND THE STATE
DEPARTMENT WERE INVOLVED.
BUT IN PARALLEL ANTI-CORRUPTION
INVESTIGATIONS THAT HAD NOTHING
TO DO WITH WHAT RUDY WAS LOOKING
INTO, WHETHER OR NOT UKRAINIAN
INTELLIGENCE INTERVENED IN OUR
ELECTION AND DELIBERATELY MADE
IT LOOK LIKE A RUSSIAN
OPERATION.
I DON'T THINK THERE'S ANYTHING
WORTHY OF IMPEACHMENT.
>> DON'T YOU THINK WE SHOULD
JUST FIND OUT?
>> THIS IS A KANGAROO COURT.
THEY'RE SETTING IT UP TO GET THE
RESULTS THAT THEY WANT.
>> YOU CAN ARGUE THE PRESIDENT
SERVED IT UP ON A SILVER
PLATTER.
>> YOU CAN ARGUE THAT BUT I WILL
JUST TELL YOU IN 1998 WHEN THE
REPUBLICANS WENT RIGHT OFF THE
CLIFF AND IMPEACHED BILL
CLINTON, IT WASN'T BILL CLINTON
WHO LOST HIS JOB, IT WAS NEWT
GINGRICH.
AND THERE'S A DARN GOOD CHANCE
THE SAME THING'S GOING TO HAPPEN
TO THEM.
>>> BIPARTISAN GROUP OF HOUSE
LEADERS JUST VOTED TO CONDEMN
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S WITHDRAWAL OF
AMERICAN FORCES IN SYRIA.
>> ON THIS VOTE THE AYES ARE
354.
THE NAYS ARE 60.
>> 129 REPUBLICANS VOTED AGAINST
HIM TODAY IN THIS HOUSE
RESOLUTION.
>> AFTER THAT VOTE CONGRESSIONAL
LEADERS HEADED OVER TO TALK WITH
TRUMP ABOUT SYRIA.
ACCORDING TO THE DEMOCRATIC
LEADERS PRESENT, THE MEETING
QUICKLY WENT OFF THE RAILS.
>> WE WERE INVITED TO THE
MEETING WITH THE PRESIDENT THAT
COMES AT A VERY DIFFICULT TIME
FOR HIM.
I THINK THAT VOTE PROBABLY GOT
TO THE PRESIDENT BECAUSE HE WAS
SHAKEN UP BY IT.
THAT'S WHY WE COULDN'T CONTINUE
IN THE MEETING, BECAUSE HE WAS
JUST NOT RELATING TO THE REALITY
OF IT.
>> HE WAS INSULTING,
PARTICULARLY TO THE SPEAKER.
SHE KEPT HER COOL COMPLETELY BUT
HE CALLED HER A THIRD RATE
POLITICIAN.
>> WHAT WE WITNESSED ON THE PART
OF THE PRESIDENT WAS A MELTDOWN.
SAD TO SAY.
>> THE INSULTS CONTINUE WITH THE
PRESIDENT TWEETING WHAT APPEARS
TO BE A WHITE HOUSE PHOTO OF
TODAY'S MEETING WITH THE
CAPTION, NERVOUS NANCY'S
UNHINGED MELTDOWN.
>> THE SPEAKER WAS ASKED ABOUT
THAT PHOTO WHICH SHE NOW
DISPLAYS AS A BADGE OF HONOR
AT THE TOP OF HER TWITTER PAGE.
>> IT LOOKS LIKE SHE IS THE ONLY
ONE WILLING TO STAND UP TO HIM.
>>> YOU KNOW, IT'S NOT THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE'S JOB TO KEEP
TRACK OF ALL THIS.
>> YEAH.
>> THEY HIRE THE PRESIDENT.
THE PRESIDENT HIRES THE CABINET
TO DO THIS JOB.
>> MM-HMM.
>> AND WHAT'S HAPPENING NOW IS
THE DETERIORATION OF THIS
COUNTRY, THE LIKES OF WHICH WE
HAVE NEVER SEEN IN OUR HISTORY.
>> MM-HMM.
>> AND IT'S HARD TO EXPLAIN HOW
WE'RE GOING TO -- HOW WE'RE
GOING TO PROTECT OURSELVES FROM
WHAT IS AN IRRATIONAL LEADER OF
THE FREE WORLD.
>> JUST A FEW HOURS AGO THE
PRESIDENT HAD A MEETING WITH
HOUSE DEMOCRATIC LEADER SCHIFF
AND HE APPARENTLY CALLED NANCY
PELOSI A THIRD RATE POLITICIAN.
DO YOU THINK NANCY PELOSI IS
BOTHERED BY A COMMENT LIKE THAT?
>> SHE HAS THE SKIN OF AN
ALLIGATOR.
I UNDERSTAND HE'S NOT HAPPY WITH
THE FACT THAT WE HAVE STARTED AN
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY.
HE STILL HAS AN OBLIGATION TO
WORK WITH THE CONGRESS.
>> YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN BEHIND
CLOSED DOORS.
I KNOW YOU CAN'T TALK ABOUT THAT
TESTIMONY, BUT IS A PICTURE
EMERGING?
>> YES.
WE'VE HAD PERSONS COME BEFORE US
WHO HAVE HAD 37 YEARS OF
SERVICE, 27 YEARS OF SERVICE, 34
YEARS OF SERVICE WHO HAVE WORKED
UNDER REPUBLICAN AND DEMOCRATIC
PRESIDENTS.
ALL OF THESE CAREER CIVIL
SERVANTS ARE RINGING EMERGENCY
BELLS.
THE STATE DEPARTMENT HAS BEEN
TRANSFORMED INTO A POLITICAL
OPERATION FOR THE PRESIDENT'S
RE-ELECTION.
>> WITH EVERY PASSING DAY THERE
IS ANOTHER WHITE HOUSE OFFICIAL
WHOSE NAME GOES UP IN LIGHTS.
>> I THINK WE'VE PULLED UP THE
ROCK AND THERE'S COCKROACHES
EVERYWHERE.
>> TODAY WE HAVE LOST A GIANT.
>> FLAGS WERE LOWERED TO HALF
STAFF IN HONOR OF CONGRESSMAN
ELIJAH CUMMINGS.
>> THE CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE
OVERSIGHT AND REFORM COMMITTEE
HAS PASSED AWAY AT THE AGE OF
68.
>> EVEN AS LAWMAKERS ARE
MOURNING THE PASSING OF THEIR
DEAR COLLEAGUE, THIS IMPEACHMENT
INQUIRY IS MOVING AHEAD THIS
MORNING.
>> U.S. AMBASSADOR TO THE
EUROPEAN UNION, GORDON SONLAND
IS EXPECTED TO ARRIVE ON CAPITOL
HILL.
>> SONLAND WAS AT THE CENTER OF
ALL THESE DELIBERATIONS AND
NEGOTIATIONS BETWEEN ZELENSKY
AND TRUMP.
THE DEMOCRAT ARE GOING TO WANT
TO KNOW ABOUT A SERIES OF TEXT
MESSAGES BETWEEN SONLAND AND THE
TOP U.S. DIPLOMAT SAYING THERE'S
NO QUID PRO QUO HAPPENING
BETWEEN US AND THE UKRAINIANS.
WHEN HE WAS FIRST SCHEDULED TO
SPEAK TO CONGRESS, THE WHITE
HOUSE EFFECTIVELY SHUT IT DOWN.
SO THIS IS A DEPOSITION THAT HAS
BEEN WEEKS IN THE MAKING.
>> CAN YOU SAY DEFINITIVE THERE
WAS NO QUID PRO QUO?
>> I'M NOT GIVING COMMENT UNTIL
MY TESTIMONY.
>> WHY WAS IT IMPORTANT TO SHOW
UP HERE TODAY?
>> IT'S ALWAYS IMPORTANT TO SHOW
UP.
>> ARE YOU HERE TO SALVAGE YOUR
REPUTATION, SIR?
>> EXCUSE ME.
>> BREAKING NEWS, WE HAVE
OBTAINED THE OPENING STATEMENT
THAT GORDON SONLAND IS
DELIVERING.
IT PAINTS A DAMNING PICTURE.
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP DIRECTED HIM
TO WORK THROUGH RUDY GIULIANI
WHEN IT CAME TO UKRAINE.
>> WE'VE SEEN IN THIS TESTIMONY
FROM OFFICIAL AFTER OFFICIAL NEW
IMPLICATIONS ABOUT THE ACTING
CHIEF OF STAFF, MICK MULVANEY.
>> MICK MULVANEY IS SET TO
BRIEF, SO HOPEFULLY A CHANCE TO
ASK HIM ABOUT ALL OF THIS.
>> YOU WERE DIRECTLY INVOLVED IN
THE DECISION TO WITHHOLD FUNDING
FROM UKRAINE.
CAN YOU EXPLAIN TO US NOW
DEFINITIVELY WHY?
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP IS NOT A BIG
FAN OF FOREIGN AID.
NEVER HAS BEEN, STILL ISN'T.
DOESN'T LIKE SPENDING MONEY
OVERSEAS, ESPECIALLY WHEN IT'S
POORLY SPENT.
I'VE BEEN IN THE OFFICE A COUPLE
TIMES WITH HIM TALKING ABOUT
THIS.
HE SAID LOOK, MICK, THIS IS A
CORRUPT PLACE.
EVERYBODY KNOWS IT'S A CORRUPT
PLACE.
I DON'T WANT TO SEND THEM A
BUNCH OF MONEY AND HAVE THEM
WASTE IT, SPEND IT, USE IT TO
LINE THEIR OWN POCKETS.
THOSE ARE THE DRIVING FACTORS.
DID HE ALSO MENTION TO ME IN
PASS THE CORRUPTION RELATED TO
THE DNC SERVER?
ABSOLUTELY.
NO QUESTION ABOUT THAT.
BUT THAT'S IT.
THAT'S WHY WE HELD UP THE MONEY.
NOW, THERE WAS A REPORT --
>> SO THE DEMAND FOR AN
INVESTIGATION INTO THE DEMOCRATS
WAS PART OF THE REASON THAT HE
WITHHELD FUNDING TO UKRAINE?
>> THE LOOK BACK TO WHAT
HAPPENED IN 2016 CERTAINLY WAS
PART OF THE THING THAT HE WAS
WORRIED ABOUT IN CORRUPTION WITH
THAT NATION AND THAT IS
ABSOLUTELY APPROPRIATE.
>> TO BE CLEAR, WHAT YOU JUST
DESCRIBED IS A QUID PRO QUO.
>> WE DO THAT ALL THE TIME WITH
FOREIGN POLICY.
AND I HAVE NEWS FOR EVERYBODY,
GET OVER IT.
THERE'S GOING TO BE POLITICAL
INFLUENCE IN FOREIGN POLICY.
THAT IS GOING TO HAPPEN.
ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES AND
FOREIGN POLICY IS GOING TO
CHANGE.
OBAMA DID IT IN ONE WAY.
WE'RE DOING IT A DIFFERENT WAY
AND THERE'S NO PROBLEM WITH
THAT.
>> INVESTIGATING POLITICAL
OPPONENTS, ARE YOU SAYING --
>> THE DNC SERVER --
>> ARE YOU SAYING THAT IT'S OKAY
FOR THE U.S. GOVERNMENT TO HOLD
UP AID AND REQUIRE A FOREIGN
GOVERNMENT TO INVESTIGATE
POLITICAL OPPONENTS?
>> WAIT A SECOND.
>> ARE YOU SAYING --
>> HOLD ON.
THERE'S AN ONGOING INVESTIGATION
BY OUR DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
INTO THE 2016 ELECTION.
YOU'RE SAYING THE PRESIDENT OF
THE UNITED STATES, THE CHIEF LAW
ENFORCEMENT PERSON, CANNOT ASK
SOMEBODY TO COOPERATE WITH AN
ONGOING PUBLIC INVESTIGATION
INTO WRONGDOING?
THAT'S JUST BIZARRE TO ME THAT
YOU WOULD THINK THAT YOU CAN'T
DO THAT.
IT'S NICE TO SEE EVERYBODY.
THANKS AGAIN.
>> THIS HAS BECOME THE CATCH US
IF YOU CAN ADMINISTRATION.
WHAT YOU HEARD FROM MICK
MULVANEY, THE ACTING CHIEF OF
STAFF, A FEW MOMENTS AGO WAS
MIND BLOWING.
>> ALL BUT ACKNOWLEDGED WHAT
APPEARS TO BE SOME TYPE OF QUID
PRO QUO FOR HOLDING UP MILITARY
AID.
HE WAS ASKED DIRECTLY.
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP'S TOP AID
JUST CONTRADICTED PRESIDENT
TRUMP.
>> MICK MULVANEY WENT OUT THERE
AND ESSENTIALLY SET HIMSELF ON
FIRE ON NATIONAL TELEVISION.
>> ONE SENIOR JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
OFFICIAL SAID, QUOTE, IF THE
WHITE HOUSE WAS WITHHOLDING AID
IN REGARDS TO THE COOPERATION OF
ANY INVESTIGATION AT THE JUSTICE
DEPARTMENT, THAT IS NEWS TO US.
>> MAKING AMERICA GREAT EVERY
DAY, BABY!
EVERY DAY!
>> DO YOU GO TO ALL THE RALLIES?
>> YEAH.
WELL, NO, I DIDN'T MAKE IT TO
LOUISIANA BECAUSE OF CANCELLED
FLIGHTS.
>> NEWS EVENT OF THE DAY, CHIEF
OF STAFF MICK MULVANEY SAID THAT
THERE WAS A QUID PRO QUO.
>> THAT'S NOT WHAT HE SAID.
>> WHAT DID HE SAY?
>> NOTHING THAT THE CHIEF OF
STAFF SAID TODAY IS NEW
INFORMATION.
WE'VE ALL SEEN THE TRANSCRIPT OF
THE PHONE CALL.
THERE'S NOTHING IN THAT PHONE
CALL THAT INVOLVES --
>> I THINK HE SAID WE DID HOLD
UP MONEY FOR A POLITICAL REASON.
>> THAT HAS ALSO BEEN --
>> THE PRESIDENT SAID THERE'S NO
QUID PRO QUO.
>> HE'S RIGHT ABOUT THAT.
>> HOLDING UP AID IN EXCHANGE
FOR PROMISING TO DIG UP DIRT --
>> THE AID WAS HELD UP BECAUSE
OF CORRUPTION IN THE UKRAINE.
NONE OF THIS IS NEW INFORMATION.
>> WELL --
>> THIS IS JUST THE MEDIA
HYPERVENTILATING AGAIN BECAUSE
THEY CAN'T WAIT TO GET THIS
PRESIDENT.
>> MORE BROADLY, IMPEACHMENT,
HOW DO PRESIDENT TRUMP
SUPPORTERS FEEL ABOUT THIS
IMPEACHMENT PROCESS?
POLITICALLY HOW DOES THIS PLAY
FOR YOU?
>> THE IMPEACHMENT ISSUE HAS THE
PRESIDENT'S SUPPORTERS FIRED UP.
THEY'RE MORE ENGAGED IF IT WAS
EVEN POSSIBLE THAN THEY WERE
BEFORE.
WHAT YOU HAVE HERE, THIS IS NOT
THE CONGRESS.
THIS IS NOS T THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES ENGAGED IN AN
IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY.
THIS IS THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
>> YOU THINK THIS IS A POLITICAL
PLUS FOR THE PRESIDENT?
>> THERE'S A REASON WHY NANCY
PELOSI TOOK AS LONG AS SHE DID.
SHE HELD IT OFF AS LONG AS SHE
COULD AND THERE'S A REASON WHY
SHE WON'T CALL FOR A FORMAL
VOTE.
ONE, SHE DOESN'T HAVE THE VOTES.
AND TWO, SHE KNOWS IT WOULD BE
DAMAGING TO HER MAJORITY IF SHE
ALLOWED THAT.
>> THE RADICAL LEFT HAS
ABSOLUTELY NO RESPECT FOR THE
WILL OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
THEY COME AFTER ME, BUT WHAT
THEY'RE REALLY DOING IS THEY'RE
COMING AFTER THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY AND WHAT THEY'RE REALLY,
REALLY DOING IS THEY'RE COMING
AFTER AND FIGHTING YOU, AND WE
NEVER LOSE.
>>> YESTERDAY MICK MULVANEY WENT
IN FRONT OF THE PRESS AND SAID,
OH YEAH, QUID PRO QUO, WE DO
QUID PRO QUO'S ALL THE TIME.
OF COURSE WE DID A PRESIDE
PROQUO.
THE REACTION WAS SO BAD ON
TRUMP'S OWN LEGAL TEAM THAT
MULVANEY SENT OUT A RETRACTION
ABOUT TWO HOURS LATER SAYING, OH
YEAH, ALL THAT STUFF I JUST
SAID, FORGET ABOUT IT.
WE'RE GOING TO GET SOME MORE
PERSPECTIVE WITH PAUL ROSEN ZAG.
HE'S A VERY CONSERVATIVE GUY WHO
WAS ESSENTIALLY KEN STARR'S
DEPUTY THE LAST TIME THERE WAS
AN IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IN
WASHINGTON D.C.
YOU THOUGHT BILL CLINTON SHOULD
BE IMPEACHED?
>> YES.
I WOULD HAVE VOTED TO CONVICT
HIM AND REMOVE HIM FROM OFFICE.
>> YOU THOUGHT SINCE MUELLER
THAT TRUMP SHOULD BE IMPEACHED
AND REMOVED FROM OFFICE?
>> YES, AT LEAST SINCE THEN.
>> IN OUR POLARIZED TIMES, THERE
ARE MANY PEOPLE WHO THOUGHT BILL
CLINTON SHOULD BE IMPEACHED AND
THROWN OUT OF OFFICE AND MANY
THAT THINK THAT DONALD TRUMP
SHOULD BE IMPEACHED AND THROWN
OUT OF OFFICE.
THE DIAGRAM OF THAT IS NOT
LARGE.
>> IT IS A VERY SMALL SLIVER OF
THE WORLD.
I HAVE BEEN A CONSERVATIVE MUCH
OF MY LIFE BECAUSE I BELIEVED IN
THINGS LIKE INTELLECTUAL HONESTY
OR CONSISTENCY.
FOR ME, IF YOU HAVE A POSITION
AND YOU COME TO IT FOR A REASON,
RIGHT, THEN THE RIGHT THING TO
DO IS TO STICK WITH IT.
OF ALL THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE
DISAPPOINTED ME IN THIS ARE THE
REPUBLICANS WHO WERE ALL FOR
IMPEACHING BILL CLINTON AND NOW
WON'T WALK THE TALK AND TALK THE
TALK FOR TRUMP.
>> THE SONDLAND TESTIMONY
YESTERDAY MADE SOMETHING CLEAR.
HE'S A BIG DONOR FOR DONALD
TRUMP.
HE ESSENTIALLY PUTS TRUMP IN THE
MIDDLE OF THE THING.
>> THE OTHER SIGNIFICANT THING
ABOUT SONDLAND'S TESTIMONY, HE
WAS THE FIRST THAT I KNOW OF
TRUE TRUMP LOYALIST WHO
ABANDONED SHIP.
SO THAT'S KIND OF SIGNIFICANT.
IF HE'S THE FIRST OF MANY, THEN
THE WALLS CRUMBLE.
>> HAS TRUMP'S POSITION WORSENED
IN THE LAST FIVE DAYS?
>> I'D ANSWER THIS WAY.
IMPEACHMENT AND TRIAL, THOUGH
THEY ARE BOUND BY LAW, ARE
FUNDAMENTALLY POLITICAL
QUESTIONS IN WHICH THE VIEWS OF
THE AMERICAN PUBLIC REALLY ARE
EXPRESSED THROUGH THEIR
REPRESENTATIVES AND SENATORS,
AND WE TRY AND REACH A RESULT.
WE'RE AT THAT MOMENT WHERE
EITHER WE'RE GOING TO TAKE THAT
TURN BACK UPWARDS AND TRUMP WILL
SURVIVE OR TRUMP'S POPULARITY
WILL CONTINUE ITS DESCENT DOWN
THAT WAY.
>> IS THERE A WAY IN WHICH TRUMP
BY DOING ALL THIS IN PLAIN SIGHT
AND BASICALLY LIKE OBVIOUSLY
IT'S NOT WRONG BECAUSE I'M
TELLING YOU ABOUT IT, IS THERE A
WAY WHERE THAT COULD BE THE
THING THAT SAVES HIM?
>> YES.
BETWEEN THE OPENNESS OF WHAT HE
DOES AND THE WAY IN WHICH HE'S
BECOME ALMOST A SUPERHERO TO HIS
BASE WHICH MAKES THE -- CAN'T BE
WRONG IF I'M DOING IT IN THE
OPEN MORE SELLABLE, IF HE
SURVIVES IT WILL BE BECAUSE 35%
OF THE AMERICAN POPULOUS, 90% OF
WHAT'S LEFT OF THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY POPULOUS CLEARLY LOST THE
SYMPATHY OF THE GENERAL POPULOUS
AND THAT'S WHEN HE WOUND UP
GOING.
CLINTON MANAGED TO CONVINCE
PEOPLE THAT LYING ABOUT SEX WAS
NOT IMPORTANT.
ONE OF THE THINGS THAT I THINK
PEOPLE DON'T REALLY UNDERSTAND
IS THAT EACH OF THESE
IMPEACHMENTS SETS A NORM FOR THE
NEXT ONE.
WE NOW KNOW THAT LYING ABOUT SEX
IS NOT A REMOVABLE OFFENSE.
NOBODY WILL EVER TRY IT AGAIN.
IF IT REALLY TURNS OUT TO BE THE
CASE THAT HOLDING UP FOREIGN AID
FOR DIRT ON YOUR POLITICAL
OPPONENT IS NOT A REMOVABLE
OFFENSE, WE'RE GOING TO BE IN A
PLACE WHERE THE FOREIGN POLICY
OF THE UNITED STATES IS GOING TO
LOOK VERY DIFFERENT IN THE
FUTURE AND OUR MORAL STANDING IN
THE WORLD IS GOING TO BE VERY
DIFFERENT.
>> ANARCHY IS LOOSE UPON THE
WORLD.